Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Good luck.
If there's a problem.
follow the roses.
Take care of yourself. son.
Rosa?
How are you doing?
Okay. more or less.
Just remember it's
1 kg for 2.2 lbs.
I'm here for anything you need.
Turn that off. Adela. Please.
You should give it to Darius
so he can make real Mexican food.
Not those terrible burritos.
It's called "La Riata."
Crazy man.
Are you sure we are
gonna be safe here?
Of course. Trust me.
We're not gonna die
on the first one. right?
Don't jinx it.
Get comfortable.
We'll be here for the next 12 hours.
Weapons of Class 4 and lower have been
authorized for use during the Purge.
All other weapons
are restricted.
Government officials
of ranking 10...
...will be legal for
12 continuous hours.
Police. fire.
and emergency medical services
will be unavailable
until tomorrow morning...
This reminds me of home. Adela.
This is home now.
You know what I mean.
Maybe you're right.
Maybe we have to forget
where we came from.
And accept where we are.
Like you said.
What the hell are
you talking about. Adela?
It's a holy day. a festive day.
Take it easy.
Why is the gate open?
Look over there.
Let's get them before
they go too far.
It came from the house.
Run.
You take the guys on the left.
and I'll take the right.
Untie them. I'll cover you!
Call me back. please!
No luck?
Rosa?
What happened?
A police van?
Why the...
Take care of yourself. Rosa.
Fucking pig!
You're a pig!
Now these assholes
are really pissing me off.
Adela. get on!
Let's go to Mexico.
Look.
It's the roses.
The rose.
It's here.
Drop the weapons!
Who the fuck are you?
We followed the signs.
And the white girl?
She's with me.
She's pregnant. Don't scare her.
Follow me.
You're the last ones.
What happened?
Yes. boss.
Motherfucker.
I love you.
Adela. wake up.
Kill this fucking pig!
Kill this pig!
Kill him!
Are you okay. my love?
Congratulations. Dad.